A Modern Day Adventure, The School
Project Could I ask you something?
Claudia said to her study group
Has anyone finished the history project yet
?
As four of us sat there in silence, she
knew she had to get her act together
Every other day for the past week, we had
talked about it, but no one had gotten started
Well I told myself It's time to spill the
beans I haven't even gone to the library
Claudia, being the most organized among
ourselves, suggested we help each other
As we brainstormed, I listened carefully
to everyone's ideas
Those who work together get better grades
She explained The project would cost an
arm and a leg in effort
We needed to visit five different museums
seven times each
Then
,
inspiration came when we thought of using
our smartphones for research
How far do you think we'll need to walk
? Asked Fernando Beside the main museum,
there are eight others
we could check out
After visiting eight museums, we realized
we had only one more left to explore
We had known this would be challenging,
but to make a long story short, we needed
to stop procrastinating We had played
around with different ideas, but couldn't
decide Okay, so here's the plan Claudia
announced Right now, there's an elephant
in the room
None of us has taken any action yet
She was correct
We had seen the deadline approaching, but
hadn't done anything I'm not sure
I follow Said Mike
I wanted to tell them that we could use
the internet for some research
Could you speak a little louder?
The cafeteria was noisy with 90 students
having lunch
Excuse me?
Claudia raised her voice over 20
chattering freshmen
We're going to divide the work
This project is ours to conquer Fernando,
whose project outline was his to manage,
would research the 1900s
The statistical data was mine to analyze
While the presentation is yours to design
She explained to Mike
The final report would be hers to write
And the coordination was theirs to handle
Referring to our other teammates
No cap fam, this vibe is Gucci Exclaimed
Mike, trying to sound woke Yes
The mood is perfect for a study session
Claudia replied Some teachers walked by
And speak of the devil
It was Karen from the history department
Known for being the strictest teacher
We decided to jump on the bandwagon of
using the new study room Which could fit
30 to 40 students I'd like to give this
my best shot Said Claudia You do your
part yourselves And I'll do mine myself
at the same time
The room had 10 computers 600 books And
enough space for 80 people FOMO is real
Texted our friend who couldn't come
Bet you'll wish you were here
We replied Some students acted like simps
around Claudia Who was thirsty for knowledge
And had major cloud in academic circles
Her bae, who visited once a week Brought
us snacks four times a month
These resources are a dime a dozen
Fernando complained
But he was capping
The materials we found
Were actually quite valuable
We gathered some hundreds And thousands
of historical data From various sources
We
worked until someone said I hope not to
sound dramatic
But we might bite off more than we can chew
I hope so
Then we'll finish on time
Claudia responded
The group had played their parts well
And we had come together effectively Past
projects hadn't gone this smoothly We
were not organized then
But we are now And we will be even better
next time
To add insult to injury
The printer broke down After we had
completed 50 pages
Do we fix it now?
Did we save everything?
Will we meet the deadline?
These questions needed answers Claudia,
being the best student in class While I
was arguably the worst
Calmly
handled the situation
The most important thing
Was that we had known what to do These
technical issues
Timing is terrible She said By the end of
the day
We could chill knowing we had done our
best Looking at ourselves
In the library's reflection We felt proud
The children's projects from last year
Weren't nearly as good as ours Claudia
commented We earned 100 points on the project
The highest score possible The teachers'
feedback was glowing
We had truly created something remarkable
Proving that together We could achieve
anything end of the day We'll Wiedersehen
I hope that the 나